Feature/cdl tests (#562)
epiphany-platform/CommonDataLayer: CDL.Tests/README.md

| CDL_KAFKA_EDGE_INPUT_TOPIC | cdl.edge.input |
| CDL_SCHEMA_REGISTRY_DESTINATION | cdl.document.1.data |

> Before you start, you have to have latest proto files. Test solution requires proto files in 'proto' folder. To do that you can create symlink 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start, you have to have the latest proto files. Test solution requires proto files in the 'proto' folder. To do that you can create a symlink 

```

'''ln -s ../crates/rpc/proto .'''

## Launch tests
If you use sources '''dotnet test'''  
If you use build artifacts. '''dotnet vstest CDL.Tests.dll'''

> Also you can use '''build.sh''', to build app and create docker image. Then you have to run container to lunch the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you can use '''build.sh''', to build the app and create a docker image. Then you have to run the container to launch the tests.

```
